Introduction
============

DataVision is a database reporting tool similar to Crystal Reports. Reports
can be viewed and printed from the application or output as HTML, LaTeX,
XML, DocBook, or tab- or comma-delimited text files. The output files
produced by LaTeX and DocBook can in turn be used to produce PDF, text,
HTML, PostScript, and more.

Report descriptions are stored as XML files. This means you can not only
use the DataVision GUI, but you may also edit reports using your favorite
text editor.

DataVision is written in Java. It runs under Linux, Windows, various
flavors of BSD and Unix, and Mac OS X. It can generate reports from Oracle,
PostgreSQL, MySQL, Informix, hsqldb, Microsoft Access, and any other
database with available JDBC drivers.

DataVision is developed and maintained by Jim Menard (<jimm@io.com>). The
latest version of DataVision can be found on the official DataVision Web
page (http://datavision.sourceforge.net).


Documentation
=============

For quick-and-dirty installation instructions, see the file INSTALL.

For complete documentation, see the docs directory. The User's Manual
starts at docs/DataVision/DataVision.html and the FAQ starts at
docs/faq/faq.html.

Copying
=======

For licensing information, see the file COPYING.

DataVision uses the XML parser MinML developed by John Wilson
(tug@wilson.co.uk), the JCalendar widget developed by Kai Toedter
(kai@toedter.com), and icons developed by Sun. For their respective
copyright notices see the file COPYING.

Miscellaneous Last-Minute Notes
===============================

For the most up-to-date notes, see the DataVision Web page.

There's one more thing that's not yet documented, but you may want to play
with: the stuff in jimm/datavision/testdata. There you will find code to
create example databases. The PostgreSQL and mySQL directories work. The
Oracle directory might work, but I'm not sure. You will probably have to be
either root or the database user (postgres, oracle) to create the
databases.
